{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baom, baom, baom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a really annoying pounding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baom, baom, baom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It echoes through everything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baom, baom, baom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the sound of a neighbor who starts building his newly-bought furniture at six in the morning on a Saturday. Clumsy and insecure of how much force to use, hitting every nail fifteen times instead of a steady two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I try to open my eyes but there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s resistance. There\u8217\'92s something on my eyelids. I bring up my hand to wipe it away, there\u8217\'92s a thick layer of some sort of goop on my eyes. With a hand practiced by many hours in the shower, I get enough of the slime off so I can blink open my eyes. My hand has almost no feeling, but once I can see I realize that\u8217\'92s because it\u8217\'92s practically in a glove of what I can only call bandages, even though it looks more like a student art project made out of potato peel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I try to sit up, but I move with the grace of a 450 lb woman. I can only hope my muscles have been torn or damaged and not actually ripped out of my body. After an embarrassingly unsteady and slow rise to sitting up, I get a view of the damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baom, baom, baom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am missing my left leg from roughly halfway down the thigh. The stump is encapsulated in the same potato-like substance as my hand. My right leg is surprisingly fine, even though from what I can see of my toes through the goop on them they are not facing the correct ways.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can squeeze my left hand, barely, but a few of my fingers won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t obey my commands. The right one is much worse off, and any movement at all reminds me off the time I was prisoner in a replication of the Stanford prison experiment. Probably a bunch of broken bones in that one, most likely some torn sinews. Whatever this mush they\u8217\'92ve slathered me with is, it does a great job of coagulating the blood and stopping me from bleeding out, and its pain relieving strength must match or even outpace that of morphine, but it doesn\u8217\'92t seem to do a great job of setting broken bones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baom, baom, baom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With willpower and resilience that I believe would earn Olympic medals back home I manage to turn my head enough to get a bearing on the sounds. They are coming from what I assume is a deck above me, if I assume right that I am on some sort of craft. Other than the sounds of someone thwacking a disobedient machine, I hear very little. The room must have soundproofing equal to that of what a teenager wishes his parents basement had.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I look around for something to use as a crutch. The room is probably a medical bay, with a few slabs and plenty of storage space for what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s most likely a variety of necessities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I rotate my body and try to plant my foot on the ground as light as the morning dew on a spring leaf. Instead I immediately cringe from a pain shock, and also the goop, while sticky to get off, is slippery to stand on. I manage to just barely keep my body leaning against the bunk I just tried to get off of, and I spend what feels like the next ten minutes getting up on it again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few deep breaths, now my head pounding in symphony with the distant hammering, but before I gather enough strength to do anything the door opens. As it opens, a barrage of noise also floods in, with everything from the hammering to what sounds like water leaking and people running and metal screaming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A woman enters, and she gives me a quick look before going over to what is some sort of cupboard she starts rummaging in. As the door closes, all the sounds stop again. Really good sound insulation. I once again manage to muscle myself into a sitting position so I can get a look at her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She has long, blonde, braided pigtails, and is roughly as tall as I am, which sadly isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t much to brag about as part of why I was chosen for this was my slightly short stature. She is wearing some sort of black, patchy overalls. She turns around and apparently didn\u8217\'92t hear me sitting up, because she jumps a bit with surprise. Then she opens her mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hzza gti hoo ra llteemiia os,\u8221\'94 she says, or something like that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I, uh\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 I sputter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She walks around me and looks at my legs. I realize I am mostly naked, my suit nowhere to be seen. State of the art, that thing. Hope they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t throw it away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Emgo taas,\u8221\'94 she says while getting a jar of something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whe\u8230\'85 where am I?\u8221\'94 I manage to say, a bit proud over the achievement since, looking at my chest, my ribs and lungs are seemingly mostly vacated from my body. \u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s my suit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She replies with another string of sounds, and it looks like she nods her head towards some locker in the corner of the room. She picks up another object that looks like a tool of some sort, and starts heading for the door again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait! Wait!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stops and turns around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, do you\u8230\'85 can you understand me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tza.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you\u8230\'85 could you\u8230\'85 could you nod,\u8221\'94 I point at my head and nod to show what I mean, \u8220\'93could you nod if you understand me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She nods at me. Oh, so she has taken English classes and I missed out on whatever language she is speaking. It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sound anything like I\u8217\'92ve heard on Earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you\u8230\'85 can you\u8230\'85 could you hand me a pair of crutches?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d miss it if you blinked, but she seems to frown for a second. Then she puts down the jar and the tool, goes over to some storage closet in the wall, opens it and pulls out something, tosses it towards me, says some words and then leave with the things she found earlier into the cacophony beyond the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I look at what she threw over here. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a pair of mechanical appendages, looks like they would clamp onto your arms or legs. They are on the floor, which I found to be pretty rude of her to leave them so out of reach for me, but I take a deep breath, plant my foot and slowly lower myself down so I\u8217\'92m crawling on, well, all three. I go up to the things, look for some sort of on-switch, and predictably don\u8217\'92t find it. I realize how hard it is to sit with one leg missing, so my otherwise flawless lotus position is lopsided and clumsy. I try to get my arm into what looks like a kind of brace, and the machine snaps onto my arm. It doesn\u8217\'92t hurt, luckily enough. I lose my balance a bit and try to put my now cyborg-arm down to brace, but it never reaches the floor. Instead it seems to propel itself upwards to stabilize me. I manage to wrestle the other one on as well, and as they both start to hum slightly, I feel almost weightless. I\u8217\'92m thinking I want to push off the floor, but it looks more like a gesture than an action, because before I reach it with my hands, my body is lifted up by some sort of propulsion from the machines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I stand up, and there is almost no weight at all on my right foot. The machines are hovering my body so I feel like in a nearly zero-G environment. I start to limp towards the door. Even with the appendages removing almost all feel of gravity from my body, every step drives needles beneath every nail, pulls every hair, twists every pore. Even with this much apparent pain killing going on, I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but tear up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I step through the door, and the serenity that was in the medical bay is eradicated. I seem to be on board some sort of ship, and it is crashing and burning. I slowly move towards the source of the loudest noises and those that sound like they would be made by humans. Or whatever is on board this thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I reach what must be the control room, and it is in chaos. The woman is frantically trying to maneuver or something, and the beaked creature from earlier that, I assume, dragged me onto this ship is running around trying to keep the hull around us from collapsing. There is buckling and crankling, there is a thin layer of smoke although I currently can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see anything on fire, and the monitors, to the extent I can understand them, give roughly as many warnings as they have space to do so. On the ground are several human-like corpses, but also the remains of either one large or several small robots. I see a tall shadow sitting seemingly relaxed on a bench near the edge of the room, but I don\u8217\'92t give it anymore notice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I stumble up to the controls, and the woman turns to me and screams something at me. Well, isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t that typical. I ignore her and try to understand what I\u8217\'92m looking at. From what I can tell, we are being chased by a ship, whatever defenses we have are long since down, and it is a miracle we still have gravity and air. It also looks like we are just drifting along by momentum and not actively riding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The woman is seated and interacting with what looks like the manual controllers for the ship. Although I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand a word she\u8217\'92s saying, I recognize the kind of flustered, unsure movements of someone who wants to do something but is unsure of what exactly to do. There is only one chair with controllers, and I huddle over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looks at me with what I take to be annoyance, and continues talking loudly. I recognize the hints of panic even through the language barrier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I give her a shove that is pathetically light since I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t generate any kind of force, and although she hisses, she gets up. I plop down with extreme care, and the relief of sitting down almost zones me out. I had ignored just how much it hurt just to stand up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I snap back into it. I look at all monitors, study the controls, and is pleasantly surprised that this seems to be built for someone roughly human. I was afraid I would need four extra mechanical arms or legs made of tentacles to steer it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The beaked creature shouts something and starts to operate something over in its corner. I take notice of what is changing on the screens, and my guess is that the creature is controlling a turret of some sort and firing back at the ship chasing us. Our ship shakes violently, and the new signs that popped up indicates that we were hit by something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I fight with the controls, and with everything being in some bizarre not only foreign but actively alien language, the feedback isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t all that useful, but I\u8217\'92ve felt this so many times before, an unknown machine, giving predictable outputs if you can figure out the inputs, the struggle between the mechanical beast-like power of an engine running on a nuclear reactor, and the gentle touch of a lever from a man who has practiced to be able to differentiate down to the denier between materials.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, girl, work with me here\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 I say while experiencing the equivalent of a beginner stall, working the so-to-say clutch with the grace of a virgin on a clitoris.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As I get to grasp with the controls, the engines start working with me rather than against themselves, and we can start to try to dodge the incoming fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every swerve is less graceful than I would like to admit, every acceleration brutish. But there are several shots that would have hit us had I not made them, and the beaked creature is returning fire well. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve no idea what weapons either we or they have, but they are no doubt effective. The creature screams what I can only take to be a war cry, and the screens show the pursuer lighting up in a glorious fireball.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Woo yaa!\u8221\'94, I scream out at the light show, which my body immediately reminds me not to do by cramping up at the straining of the muscles. My mouth fills with blood, but I manage to not spew it all over the place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a reason you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t cheer before you have cleared the posts. The second I am preoccupied with keeping down the blood and clutching my stomach, a final projectile emerges from the fireball that used to be their ship, and it hits us. The engine is taken out entirely, and simultaneously the artificial gravity on board stops, there is a sudden pressure differential and we start spinning with no way to counteract it. I cling to the chair best I can, the others get tossed around the room and try to find something to hold on to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While that was a fun ride, I am now flying uncontrollably through space, with barely any air left, being screamed at in alien languages, bleeding pouring out of me from all possible places, pain tearing at me, and before I completely pass out and pass on, I see something weird on one of the few monitors remaining.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Space is big. Really big. So what are the chances that we would be on a direct collision course with another ship?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everything fades to black and my ears fill with the orchestral soundtrack of the entire ship crashing into a wall.}}