{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am slightly terrified that the beaked creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet sound like claws more than webbed toes, it didn\u8217\'92t need any more predator traits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After Ghizzo told me about the Jiktar, both the creature and I decided to head back to our quarters. Or, well, he to his and I am apparently free to pick whatever room I want.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shoot, Scrooge, I\u8217\'92ve forgotten to ask your name,\u8221\'94 I said after the silence had gotten awkward enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The beaked creature lifted, well, the muscle that usually would have an eyebrow on it, which it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have, but the muscle was instead three times as large as on a human, and said: \u8220\'93You seem otherwise to have a lot of names for me. I am Wyzzf, I stem from the planet we call \u8216\'91Appisa\u8217\'92, which to us means \u8216\'91the water of life\u8217\'92. I neither know nor care where it lies in the Jiktar\u8217\'92s books.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And, are you\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 I said, paused, hesitated a bit and then continued: \u8220\'93You called me \u8216\'91primitive\u8217\'92. Is your planet very advanced?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Again the buzz saw. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You misunderstand. \u8216\'91Primitive\u8217\'92 is anyone who is not in the commsfield, and thus can\u8217\'92t communicate with others. It is really a Jiktar term, since it describes those who are not at a level where they want to speak with them. I suppose\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Wyzzf said, apparently swallowing some of his pride as the sentence went along, \u8220\'93I suppose the commsfield is a very useful invention of the Jiktar.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He grimaced a bit and then said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our planet was not highly technological. We didn\u8217\'92t have weapons that could kill millions, ships that could haul an entire populace from one planet to the next, stations that mine out asteroids for ice and metals. But it was a good place with good people. I traveled a lot on my home planet, and every time I met another of us, I was met with friendship and love.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a lot of past tense, buddy,\u8221\'94 I said. \u8220\'93Did you adapt all the Jiktar technology now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 he said. He stopped and looked into my eyes with that same fury just beneath the surface. \u8220\'93We do not have a planet anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned around and went into the door behind him to his room. It closed with a comfortable thud, like falling back into a newly made bed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn, these dudes don\u8217\'92t mind spending for comfort,\u8221\'94 I said as I looked around the room. I had asked Ghizzo, who could be reached anywhere on the ship at any time by just mentioning its name, to give me the most luxurious room, and he brought me to what must have been the room for the most VIP of guests. Not only was it big enough you could almost jump and not reach the floor with your fingers, it had a large, soft bed, a large mirror surrounded by closets and drawers, what I intuited to be a mini-bar and almost the entire wall was a window towards space. I was in luck and it happened to be facing the center of the galaxy, and the display was mesmerizing. One of my favorite memories is when I was younger and biked across almost all of Australia with my girl of the time. We spent three months doing nothing but riding the motorcycle, a beautiful MSF-1200 KsA, eating delicious local food, all the flavors you wouldn\u8217\'92t find back home, and fucking like rabbits out in the wild, as was appropriate. I went up to the mini-bar, asked Ghizzo if these were drinkable, to which it answered yes. I took a shot and it was like my tongue was a freshly laid asphalt road and the drink was youngster with a sports car who couldn\u8217\'92t wait to make the first burnout tracks on it, and once it passed the throat, I was sure I had swallowed a furiously running engine by mistake, burning and pulsing and spewing fumes up my throat that I had to meekly cough away. I had to lay down on my bed to get through it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I gotta bring a bottle of that back home,\u8221\'94 I finally managed to croak out with glistening eyes once the worst pain had dissipated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After catching my breath again, I got curious about these robot parts I now have. I tried to do a pistol squat on the metallic leg, and perhaps as expected, it had no issues at all. I could be carrying two families on my back and hopping on this one leg across a mountainous border and it would probably feel like a mild hike. I looked around for something to hang on to, and picked something that stuck out from the ceiling I hoped could carry my weight, and the hand had not the gall to disappoint me, I could support my entire weight with only a single finger. I just had to remember to ask Ghizzo if I could get these painted like the rest of my body, but I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel like bothering with that now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I collapsed onto my bed. And about two seconds later, it hit me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not tired but I am restless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I trained to become an astronaut, I spent a lot of time in space stations. They didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have artificial gravity nearly as good as this ship, you still felt basically like a balloon bouncing around there, while I can barely tell this ship is not an actual boat on the ocean, sans the movement of the waves. We also had a relentless sleep schedule, since space never provided much of a natural cycle. But we never had private rooms, size was almost the primary concern of all space craft, and you were both often hunched over but also everyone usually slept in the same few rooms. A private room you can exercise in\u8230\'85? I\u8217\'92m not complaining, it\u8217\'92s just more of a cruiser ship than a space one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I opened the door and went out into the corridor. They were less extravagant and more pragmatic, but still larger than most connecting tunnels I was used to. I wandered around mostly at random, sometimes thinking I could ask Ghizzo for a map, but I had time to kill and two flasks I brought from the minibar that tasted unlike anything I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve had on Earth but would easily be my favorite beer at my favorite bar back home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As I wander to the back of the ship, the dark gray man is standing there leaning against a wall. I briefly wonder why, but it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s company and these bottles won\u8217\'92t drink themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi there, chief,\u8221\'94 I said from a still comfortable distance. With one of these people being smoldering with hatred, I might as well not invade someone\u8217\'92s personal space too quickly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The being looked up. I hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t looked closely at it until now, but the face seemed made to make that smile menacing. It looked like the entire face was being pulled back from the mouth, like some fucked up horror movie, but it didn\u8217\'92t move like soft flesh. I almost wanted to reach out and touch it, if it really had what was more correctly called a bone mask than a face. The rest of its body, as much as could be seen beneath the tattered pieces it had hanging from it here and there, seemed to follow about the same pattern of having almost a kind of exoskeleton. He gave me a great wide smile, and while I couldn\u8217\'92t be sure if his eyes could be more comforting, they sure weren\u8217\'92t anything but the most conniving and menacing slits now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pleased to make your acquaintance, after you so bravely ended our captivity,\u8221\'94 he said, his politeness only making the rest of him seem even more intimidating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I didn\u8217\'92t\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 I started saying, but I didn\u8217\'92t get time to finish before he starting to softly laugh at what he said, but even his soft laughter was more akin to hearing knives being sharpened than any kind of tension reliever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am aware. A curious incident,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did you know?\u8221\'94 I said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you aware that you look superficially as one of the Jiktar?\u8221\'94 he said, and got up from leaning on the wall. He wasn\u8217\'92t just tall, his body somehow wrapped around the space in front of it. Standing in front of him made you feel surrounded. \u8220\'93And movement of the ship could only be explained by utilizing Snapping, a technology of the Jiktar.\u8221\'94 Fucker was seizing me up. He was walking in a circle around me. \u8220\'93Yet you aimed at nothing, and opened cells up only by the graces of good luck. A suicide operation with an expensive ship and no support afterwards?\u8221\'94 He stopped in front of me. \u8220\'93The remains of the ship did not look like the pride of the Jiktar fleet. Nor did you, on a closer inspection,\u8221\'94 he said and leaned in slightly over me. I didn\u8217\'92t want to admit it, but I was getting cold sweats and a raised pulse from his presence. I have stood in front of angry bikers and jealous kick boxers, but this creature made my skin crawl. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You could see how he carefully bounced the next word around in his mouth before he spoke. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you going to drink both of those by yourself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He pulled back and sat down on a pragmatic bench. I remembered the second flask I bought, sat down next to him, held the bottle up to him and said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, man, go ahead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked at it and then at me and said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could you kindly open it for me?\u8221\'94 He nodded towards his hands. The shackle, if one can even call it that, was massive. A large cylinder, spanning from the middle of his hands up to his elbows, both keeping his hands stuck in a particular angle and also holding them apart so he could just barely get his fingertips together. I popped open the bottle and handed it to him, and even if he tried hiding it, it was obvious just how heavy and tiresome it was for him to lift a bottle to his lips and drink. Should have brought a straw, you know. \u8220\'93Cheers,\u8221\'94 I said and clinked the bottles together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It has been a very long time since I last shared a drink with a friend,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93If you would allow me to call you that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And while I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not in the habit of making friends with komodo dragons, I also try not to piss them off. \u8220\'93Sure, why not. Name\u8217\'92s Rito,\u8221\'94 I said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name is Irdd. I have spent many years stuck on that asteroid, and although it might not have been your intention, your actions allowed me my freedom,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I lightly tapped the cylinder with my bottle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not fully, I\u8217\'92d say. How come you\u8217\'92re the only one in irons?\u8221\'94 I said with a perhaps slightly to jovial tone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His expression didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t change at all. \u8220\'93The wardens preferred to stay alive,\u8221\'94 he said and took a laborious deep sip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I laughed. I had to assume he meant it, that he would kill everyone in the entire prison were he just given use of his hands. He sure made me feel like that was true. I finished off the bottle and said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So why don\u8217\'92t you take it off?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He strained his arms to lift up the cylinder and said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The alloy it is made from is nearly impossible for most materials to dent. You could not open this with most regular tools without risking my life. Where the situation dire enough that I\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 he let it drop and looked at me, \u8220\'93\u8230\'85 or my friends would need it, then that risk might be appropriate.\u8221\'94 He finished his drink with some effort and said: \u8220\'93Under the current circumstances, I wonder if I will be allowed to prolong this state, however.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How so?\u8221\'94 I said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked out into the empty air of the corridor and said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ghizzo, you are not capable of breaking this shackle.\u8221\'94 Ghizzo appeared in the form of some kind of hypercube, and with every sound wave it vibrated another cube within it so you could see the outlines of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. We try everything on board, but nothing work,\u8221\'94 it said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And until it is, it will be an arduous struggle for me to repay what you want from me,\u8221\'94 Irdd said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want ya to pay ya fare. You head has certain price all by itself. I can use that,\u8221\'94 Ghizzo said with a tone I couldn\u8217\'92t decide was lackadaisical or threatening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Irdd lowered his head slightly, but not a single atom of him was willing to give up his innate intimidation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my,\u8221\'94 he said in low and slow voice, \u8220\'93let us all hope it does not come to that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The cube that Ghizzo projected spun around wildly before disappearing. I almost wish it made a sound like in cartoons so I could tell when it suddenly left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will be returning to my quarters. I hope you will continue to enjoy the rest of your day,\u8221\'94 Irdd said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93G\u8217\'92night buddy,\u8221\'94 I said and took the empty bottle from his hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I walked back to my room, and I have no idea if these drinks contained alcohol or not, but I did have a slightly buzzy feeling that made it much easier to sleep.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}