{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m getting kinda tired of waking up with no idea what\u8217\'92s happening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dreams I had were vivid. They weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t only about my girlfriend, although she starred frequently, and most often naked. There was the ones about riding motorcycles on the coastline while looking at the sunset, and I am always glad when I have that feeling, even in dreams. And of course I had ones about weird alien creatures, although they tended to look more like they do in the movies rather than the brief glimpses I had had of them so far in what I had hoped was only some sort of super-dream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But waking up, once again in a place clearly not on Earth, nor on any of our space stations, I was apparently refused the luxury of just dreaming about my own death and dismemberment, I had to live through it instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I look around, and I am in some sort of capsule. The capsule seems to respond to mental state, because once I woke up it immediately started to move. A swarm of various arms sprouted from it, and they started to disconnect masks and stabilizers and what have you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s from me. As I felt the last one being removed, I kept still. Then I braced for pain as I prepared to sit up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And I felt nothing. Actually, no, I felt great. But I wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite feeling like I use to. I feel like I\u8217\'92m slipping a bit with my grip, there was something\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My hand is metal,\u8221\'94 I tell it as if to reinforce the reality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I hold it in front of my face, and I can feel my heart race. My right hand is now a purely mechanical thing, going down to about halfway down my wrist where I once again turn organic. It responds like my old hand used to, but off. A bit slower? A bit less precise?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I recognize the ill-boding feeling is more places, and with a jerk I am in a sitting position.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My left leg. Large parts of my torso. About a square inch of my stomach. Mechanical implements all over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I feel with my left hand on face and around my head, but it feels normal, although bruised and beaten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am also naked. This time I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even have the decency of a pair of underwear like last time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I get off the slab, and place my now metallic foot on the ground. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stable. I don\u8217\'92t slip and glide, I don\u8217\'92t feel any pain putting some weight onto it. I am completely alone in the room, although the way some other capsules are open, the others just woke up before me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I look around for some clothes, and the closest thing I find is a sheet. I wrap it around me like a cheap toga you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d get for five bucks for a cheap Halloween-party. I am starving. By my biological clock, I feel like I\u8217\'92ve slept forever, but I\u8217\'92m not notably malnourished. I inspect the capsule, and I imagine one of the dozens of meters and gauges on it is for food and water, I wouldn\u8217\'92t know which ones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As I walk towards the door, this time actually with a straight back and not sputtering, I pass by a small mirror. My face looks like I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve pissed off three Irishmen the night before, and my hair, usually a nice dark blonde with just enough length to have some bangs, is now uniformly a mess, with patches burnt off, others torn apart and a few that miraculously survived all crashes and thus are now instead too long. The length means I must have been out for over a week, probably bordering on two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you\u8217\'92re still a handsome devil,\u8221\'94 I said and made finger guns at myself in the mirror. Which made me see the metal hand as well. My smile died down a bit. Then I looked down on the metal hand, which seemed more intricate than even the most expensive robotics project I\u8217\'92ve seen back home, and it obeyed my will perfectly. And the smile returned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly, I heard a loud voice from behind me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8217\'92\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u164\'A4 -|||__\u8221\'94 it \u8220\'93said\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even make out a single syllable. I turned around and a massive green mouth, a minimum of five feet across, was talking in midair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93__<<>> <*^__ -*\u8221\'94 it continued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I hoped it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t actually a large flying mouth but instead a hologram. Especially since it was cartoonish in proportions and mimicry, large exaggerated movements.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excuse me, are you talking to me?\u8221\'94, I said towards the mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93-__### #\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ^\u8217\'92\u8217\'92 _-_-\u164\'A4\u8221\'94 it said and burst into a gigantic smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not making a lot of sense,\u8221\'94 I said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mouth made some gestures, equally extreme, first of bewilderment, then pouting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8217\'92\u8217\'92____\u8221\'94 it said and the door opened. I assumed the two were connected and walked through the door. Once through, the mouth kept talking, and a line of lights were on the floor. I followed them through a corridor with an industrial feeling, pipes and cables going across the walls, until I arrived at another door which opened up in front of me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I stepped out into a well-lit room that was, for being a cockpit of a vessel, tasteful and pleasant to be in. A chair came rolling up to me, but I felt good and wanted to stretch a bit, so I kept standing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93_- \u164\'A4\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 the voice said, sounding a bit mad. The chair spun around and then crept slightly closer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, dude, relax,\u8221\'94 I said and sat down in it. As soon as I did, talons came out from the chair and gripped me. I tried to spring out ,but they were instantaneous. A small hatch opened, and a minimal robot rolled out and started to head towards me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you fucking dare, get that away from me\u8230\'85!\u8221\'94 I screamed while trying to get out of the chair. The thing came up to the chair and somehow started rolling up its side. It came up to my face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get away from me, you piece of\u8230\'85!\u8221\'94 I said as it started spraying dust in my face. It went all around it, covering my head completely. \u8220\'93Fuck did you do, robo-\u8221\'94 I couldn\u8217\'92t finish my sentence before my ears and throat and the inside of my eyeballs all felt extremely hot, like I was being ignited from within my skull. I gasped and screamed, but suddenly, through my own noise, I could hear something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85 least ya could do, yano, there\u8217\'92s quite some damage and\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 The mouth stopped speaking as it noticed I stopped screaming. It said: \u8220\'93Oh, goodie, can ya understand me now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Huh? Ye-yeah.\u8221\'94 I said, completely failing to hide my surprise and equally failing to not drool and moan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Goodie goodie, I get the others down so we can all talk, yano,\u8221\'94 the mouth said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who\u8230\'85 what\u8230\'85 what did you do?\u8221\'94 I asked, my entire head still throbbing from pain and my internal temperature feeling like it can boil an egg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya some primitive who hasn\u8217\'92t been induced in the commsfield, \u8216\'91parently, so I hadda douse ya with it. But better be still for it, yano, so I made ya sit in the chair first, can be nasty afterwards,\u8221\'94 the mouth beamed and the chair released its grip from me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The\u8230\'85 what? Commsfield?\u8221\'94 I asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mouth pursed its lips and then slid back into a smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, we waiting for the others, yano, I mise well fill ya in. The commsfield is a swarm of adaptive particles that all in contact with each other, and they infect the mental faculties, yano, the brains, of any organism it gets in contact with. They learn the languages that is in that brain, and the entire field adapts to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92m now\u8230\'85 infected?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t ya worry, there\u8217\'92s no side \u8216\'91fects,\u8221\'94 the mouth said with the uncaring smile of a pharmacy sales rep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was a bit taken aback, but then I finally processed what it had told me. I said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, wait, you said \u8216\'91learn\u8217\'92. But you could understand me before, right, I think? So it already knew English?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya, your language is already in the field,\u8221\'94 the mouth said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8230\'85?\u8221\'94 I said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mouth, seemingly not very interested since the motion were now less over-exaggerated, said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obvisly, someone with ya language already been.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was too shocked to act smart, and also with the dull undertone of a migraine passing from the dust earlier, and just asked the obvious questions: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8230\'85 aliens have made contact with Earth?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Erf? Never hearda it. I canna lookie,\u8221\'94 the mouth said and started to make the tried and true motions of pretending to think really hard, biting your lip and sucking on your teeth. \u8220\'93Ya also call it \u8216\'91Tellus\u8217\'92? Quita lot of primitives call planets \u8216\'91dirt\u8217\'92. Or \u8216\'91water\u8217\'92, in some cases.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I ignored the crude snipe and said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think that\u8217\'92s old Greek. What about it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alongside the mouth now appeared an image that was, unmistakably, of the Earth, along with what I assumed was some sort of encyclopedic entry for it. The mouth said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is a class three planet. Is been coated in the field a long time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I tried to read the text, but the glyphs were alien beyond reproach. I signed and said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does class three mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mouth took away the image and text and said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The planet been visited and charted by The Jiktar, they probably had people on the surface, but no open contact.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Talking more to myself and less to the hologram, I said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aliens have been on Earth\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As I said that, a door opened and the woman arrived. Her face looked bitter. Behind her came the beaked creature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I still don\u8217\'92t agree with your terms,\u8221\'94 the beaked creature said. The voice was crackly and eerie, like every word was being spoken by a ghost on a radio.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I could now get a good look at what the creature actually was. He was clad in a heavy green cloak, covering the entire body, and it looked like a head sticking out from a sack of potatoes, if the sack now weighed over 200 pounds. The creature was either a blob, or it hunched over to the extent of almost folding itself. The beak was flat and long, and when he spoke, you could see the flashes of sharp teeth along the rims. His eyes were a matte white, and with no pupil, it was hard to see where he had his focus, if he had any at all. Starting at the top and going down the back of its head was a ridge of slight spiky protrusions. He stood only about a meter tall, but sometimes when he moved you could see shadows of bent knees and elbows, so it was probably taller if it stood up properly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mouth just turned into an ever wider smile and said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I looked over at the woman. She looked human, but there was something just slightly off. I couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say what, people come in all shapes and sizes, but this one was different. More chairs rolled out into the floor, but she ignored them and went to sit on what looked like some sort of bench instead, while the creature remained standing. He looked over to me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks,\u8221\'94 he said, sounding like a cassette tape replayed a million times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand, but luckily my confusion was interrupted by two more doors opening on the opposite side of the room the woman and creature had entered by. Two men, creatures, beings, competing to be the tallest, entered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of them were the dark gray one I had seen glimpses of earlier. He was slightly hunched over, but he was still generously almost six and a half feet tall. He seemed to be immensely weighed down by a lock around his wrists, a bulging chrome-like lock that sealed his entire forearms and most of his hands as well. I imagine it must be really heavy to make the entire creature lean forward like that. He was dressed in some really shabby, torn light gray clothes, there were more holes than garment, but even with the weight and the shackles and the clothing, for some reason, the creature was smiling. And I got the impression more of a shark showing teeth than happiness from it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other creature was at least seven feet tall, and it stood fully erect. The top of the head nearly touched the ceiling. The skin was an almost disgusting pale gray. He had a large, purple cape that covered the entire body, but when he moved his hands they came out from almost near the bottom of it. It appeared to be a creature that could grasp its own ankles even when standing straight up, which I would be impressed by from a petite yogi but mostly weirded out by here. Most eye-catching was the face, though: it was thin and had sharp lines and looked more like the sole of a shoe than a real face, and it was completely bald. On his forehead, he had something that at first glance looked like a marking, but when he moved you realized was some sort of jewelry or something like that pressed into its skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tall, pale being got seated, the dark gray one leaned towards a wall and the beaked one continued standing, or perhaps it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sitting, it was hard to tell. The mouth must have considered that good enough, since it started speaking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi hello, prisoners and slaves. What can ya offer me to not kill ya?\u8221\'94}}