{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Personally, I wanted to cut through the silence by telling the voice to go fuck itself, but I also realized that I have no idea where I am or just how capable this thing is of killing me. Silence was the prudent option. Everyone else seemed to agree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The floating mouth did some teasing motions, but then settled down and said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya crashed ya ship into mine. Did a lotta damage. I need to be paid back. And there is the medical costs, yano. Some needed more than others, but even though I helped ya before asking, I\u8217\'92m no altruist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A list appeared as a hologram beside the mouth, and although I couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t read it, the structure was easy enough to see: a bill. Item, cost, item, cost, item, cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The list scrolled, and the mouth provided commentary. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And there be, yano, the cost of admission as well. It\u8217\'92s not free to fly on my ship,\u8221\'94 it said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dark gray one laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not believe this is your ship,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mouth, to the extent a six-by-six-feet-holographic-mouth can, turned towards him. It said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How ya mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was still smiling. He said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is a Jiktar ship, and it is not hard to figure out that you are not a Jiktar captain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mouth laughed with a sound like a buzz saw catching a metal pipe. It said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93True. This used to be Jiktar. But now, it my ship. Ya would know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I felt like I should get it to skip to the chase. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have anything to pay you back with, sweet tooth,\u8221\'94 I said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93None of us do,\u8221\'94 the beaked creature said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said the tall, pale one. I can swear the voice reverberated, even in the completely echo-free room we were in. It almost sounded like the voice shivered, it didn\u8217\'92t really want to come out. Gave me goosebumps. \u8220\'93Do you require someone liberated from life? If we can establish a contract, Ecktohl can assist you,\u8221\'94 he said, and Ecktohl was either his name or his race, I\u8217\'92m guessing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mouth did a real toothy smile and said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the kinda guy I like. Ya might not have tings for me. But ya can do work. Work to get tings.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To get what?\u8221\'94 I said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tings. Stuff, objects, matter,\u8221\'94 it said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 I said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These men won\u8217\'92t help you,\u8221\'94 a female voice said. I turned around towards the woman, who was almost scowling by now. \u8220\'93They are trash and scum, they steal and ravage, not a single one of them will keep their words to you,\u8221\'94 she said, and although the words were harsh, she was sweating bullets. She must have thought her disgust towards us was stronger than her safety, whatever reason she had for that, I mean, I\u8217\'92m a pretty swell guy, I\u8217\'92ve done no one no harm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dark gray man laughed heartily. The beaked creature and the pale, tall man both just looked at her. The mouth did a large and loud \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oooooh!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What makes ya say that, girlie?\u8221\'94 the mouth said, shifting the hologram towards the bench she sat on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know what these people are?\u8221\'94 she said. Both her voice and her breathing intensified. She was kinda cute this worked up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mouth emitted a small chuckle. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s kinda weird to see a mouth pretend to make a sound you make entirely with your throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m assuming they come from the prison that was attacked just before your ship crashed into mine. Ya have been here for almost ten days, yet none of ya have really spoken to each other. Ya on a burning ship with corpses on it and ya all strangers? Not really subtle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes!\u8221\'94 said the woman and stood up. \u8220\'93The prison in the Kuutellar belt was attacked, and these men fled from it, taking a Jiktar ship and trying to escape with it, and\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she was interrupted by the mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s exactly why I can bargain, girlie,\u8221\'94 it said. \u8220\'93Ya the kind of people don\u8217\'92t consider something off the table just because it forbidden.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not!\u8221\'94 she said, exasperated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe ya ain\u8217\'92t. I\u8217\'92ll get them to pay for ya too. They gentleman, yano. Right?\u8221\'94 it said and turned towards us.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dark man laughed. The beaked one made some scratching noise I had no idea what it meant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here the deal,\u8221\'94 the mouth said with a sudden seriousness to it. \u8220\'93I require parts to fix my ship, and then there be the other costs as well, which ya also pay with tings I want. Ya can go back to ya quarters now, I call on ya when it time to get my tings. Anyone not want part of deal, ya can deal with space on ya own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a better deal for me than I would have expected, and the others seemed to think likewise. Deal with hell when it comes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mouth seemed pleased with the meeting and the hologram disappeared. The pale and the dark man both went out the ways they came, the dark one never once ceasing to smiling and silently laugh to himself. The woman stormed out the door she came from, and the beaked creature hung around but was looking out what I wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if it was a window or just a really well-made screen showing the star field outside the ship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you fix me up with these and save me?\u8221\'94 I said and held up the mechanical hand. I wasn\u8217\'92t really sure where to point it to get the attention of the mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That me. My ship has very good medical facilities,\u8221\'94 the mouth said and appeared again next to me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I thought that this should be done in the right order and said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before that, sorry, do you have a name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mouth said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Ghizzo.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And, Ghizzo\u8230\'85 what are you?\u8221\'94 I said. \u8220\'93Are you an AI? Are you the ship\u8217\'92s comput\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Ghizzo clearly had a reaction to that, and I stopped speaking mid-sentence. It had furled its lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a crude set of instructions. I\u8217\'92m not this ship, I own this ship,\u8221\'94 it said, apparently having taken offense.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what are you?\u8221\'94 I asked, with an emphasis on \u8220\'93are\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m\u8230\'85 many primitives won\u8217\'92t know, your language might not help you. I\u8217\'92m a sentient electric cloud,\u8221\'94 Ghizzo said. And although I technically know what every one of those words mean, I feel like a toddler being shown a magic trick, I was too stupid to even know I was being fooled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 Are you fucking with me?\u8221\'94 I said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not, as ya put it, fucking with ya,\u8221\'94 Ghizzo said, and with that the mouth disappeared, and I felt a presence on top of me. My hair suddenly stood up, a slight warmth moved along my arm, and my right foot started involuntarily twitching. It started speaking again, now the voice coming from nowhere: \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m a cloud of currents, like the ones in ya brain. I control this ship by running current through the circuits, I have since long killed the AI that used to be the first mate.\u8221\'94 A man appeared in front me, a perfect image, if I didn\u8217\'92t know Ghizzo did holograms I would think someone teleported in. So the mouth Ghizzo usually appeared as was a gaudy color and unrealistic by choice, it can project anything and in perfect detail. It said, and the voice came from the man with utmost precision: \u8220\'93Would ya prefer I take the shape of something ya can recognize?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was starting to understand this Ghizzo. If I ignore what it says and think of it as a rogue AI that controls the ship, I can understand its form, and if I think of what it has done, which, based on the clues dropped, is take over a military vessel and kill everyone and everything on board, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clearly deranged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go back to being a fucking mouth or a billboard or whatever you want.\u8221\'94 A laughter bellowed through the room, and the man disappeared and the mouth, this time purple and extremely female but slightly smaller at perhaps just three feet across, once more floated around near the monitor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you fixed up my wounds and also gave me new limbs. Why?\u8221\'94 I asked, and while I certainly wasn\u8217\'92t ungrateful, it was weird for someone to finance the world\u8217\'92s most expensive operation on a total stranger. Unless, as I now suspected, he wanted to work me to the bone to pay these things off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ghizzo, as the floating mouth, took on a charming smile and said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m a kind soul. I help everyone. And in return, ya help me.\u8221\'94 As expected. This was gonna cost more than just the proverbial arm and a leg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just tell me what you need when you need it, sugar plum,\u8221\'94 I said and got up from the chair. Ghizzo chuckled and the hologram disappeared, although I\u8217\'92m certain the entire ship was full of microphones and cameras and sensors, and had I worn a watch every single tick of its hands would have been noticed by that stalker. I went over to the beaked creature as I noticed it was still looking out the window-like thing. It was a beautiful view, giving me the same feeling as looking into the eyes of a girl much too young for me to have a chance with as I lean in to kiss her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey,\u8221\'94 I said, not looking at the oversized predatory wereduck, as it could perhaps be described.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry for dragging you away from your companions, but you needed help and we had no time. Have you arranged a meeting place?\u8221\'94 he said, voice still reminding me of a bad broadcast of the news watched from a cottage in rural Alaska, but if the voice was weird, the things he had said were even weirder. Is he speaking in code? Is he brain-damaged? Am I?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry, I\u8217\'92ve no idea what you\u8217\'92re talking about, Donald,\u8221\'94 I said, actually turning to look at him now. His eyes were actually softer to look at when he stopped having the angry grimace he had had constantly up until this point. They were surprisingly big.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The attack on the prison, bypassing the defenses, it must have been done to free someone. The chaos allowed us to escape as well. You were badly wounded, so I brought you on board, and you once again helped out by piloting the ship after the crew tried to capture us instead of doing what we told them. I\u8217\'92m thankful,\u8221\'94 he said, and I was a bit surprised to hear what to me looked like a feral duck that had been fed to many cheeseburgers be so eloquent and polite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It did take you a long time to listen to my instructions, though. Unsure why you refused to do as I said, but I suppose it worked out,\u8221\'94 he said as an afterthought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I shook my head, baffled as if my grandmother had slapped me across my face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, sorry, Howard, nothing of the sort went down. First of all, I couldn\u8217\'92t understand what you said, it was first when I boarded here that Ghizzo here sprayed me with that wonder dust,\u8221\'94 I said, and as I said it I also felt the slight migraine still hanging in there from when I got dosed. I continued: \u8220\'93Also, I had no intention of crashing into anything anywhere, fuck me, that entire thing was just an accident.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked up at me, his large eyes and beak making for a funny combination of facial expressions, and said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Accident? You got through the defenses of the Kuutellar belt by accident?\u8221\'94 What I saw his face morph into I hoped was either deference or laughter. \u8220\'93And you are a primitive? Yet you still managed to control the ship we took? Well, mostly control,\u8221\'94 he said with a sound of a duck chuckling, which I had previously never considered what it would sound like.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I figured I might as well let the guy be impressed by my deeds and instead said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We were doing a maiden flight of a new technology. It was supposed to move me at about a quarter light speed and stopping without turning me into oatmeal from the pressure. Oh, on that topic\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 I turned to the large monitor on the wall, which in hindsight seemed silly since I don\u8217\'92t think Ghizzo has a position as such on the ship, and said: \u8220\'93Ghizzo, where am I? How far from Earth?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A normal-sized green square mouth appeared about two feet in front of where I was looking, and it was surrounded by navigational star charts. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Earth is in slice 186 and layer nineteen. I could give ya the more exact degrees, if ya want,\u8221\'94 Ghizzo said, and various arrows and circles appeared around an otherwise completely nondescript fleck of a part of one map. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92d take ya a couple of years to go there on most ships, \u8216\'91boutta dozen if you go by cargos,\u8221\'94 Ghizzo said, and at the same time the maps disappeared and technical documents appeared in their place. It continued: \u8220\'93But sounds to me ya invented Snapping. Without contact with the Jiktar. That an impressive civilization.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Snapping?\u8221\'94 I said, trying to understand a single word of any of the images Ghizzo was flashing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jiktar technology,\u8221\'94 Ghizzo said. \u8220\'93Pulls together two spaces far apart. Ya make tiny move, ya are now in the new place. Then everything snap back to normal. Is extremely controlled, only used by Jiktar, yano.\u8221\'94 Ghizzo had transformed the previously technical documents with stuff that looked more like a commercial, showing flashy images of ships disappearing from one location and then on a star map how far they had traveled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like being this uninitiated, and also it usually wasn\u8217\'92t like me to be curious like a hippie in a meth lab, but there was suddenly a lot of stuff that might be really important to know. I said: \u8220\'93Who are these Jiktar dudes? You talk about them a lot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They try to control the entire galaxy,\u8221\'94 the beaked creature said from behind me. \u8220\'93And they\u8217\'92re not very bothered with what it costs others.\u8221\'94 The look on the creature\u8217\'92s face immediately told me to never fuck with this bird over these matters. A fury that has fermented for years or decades, if anger was a spirit this duck was straight whiskey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ghizzo was unphased. It blew up propaganda posters worthy of the greatest of Earth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dictators and said: \u8220\'93Jiktar the current largest faction within the galaxy. They invented Snapping to send fleets to every spot. Then emerged colonies, trading outposts, military bases, prisons, everything else Jiktar wanted. Ya not want Jiktar to be ya enemy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yet you have commandeered one of their ships,\u8221\'94 I said and gestured around me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ghizzo but laughed and said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I not ya.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But a thought struck me. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ghizzo, can this ship Snap? Can you-\u8221\'94 I said, but Ghizzo turned into a large X in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not. Stealth model. Moves covertly. If want Snapping, need aggressive military ship,\u8221\'94 it said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I needed only the briefest moments of contemplation to know what I needed to do, akin to a Buddha looking at a flower. I said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I get you into one of those, will you get me home?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ghizzo enlarged its mouth so that the smile could be even bigger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, good friend.\u8221\'94}}